[tutorial] Ch 3-6 questions redone (#1852)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/tutorial/5-astro-api/1.md

### Test your knowledge

If your Astro component contains the following line of code: 

```astro
---
const myPosts = await Astro.glob('../pages/posts/*.md');
---
```

Choose the syntax you could write to represent:

1. The title of your third blog post.  

    <MultipleChoice>
      <Option>
        `myPosts.map((post) => <LastUpdated date={post.frontmatter.pubDate} />)`
      </Option>
      <Option isCorrect>
        `myPosts[2].frontmatter.title`
      </Option>
      <Option>
        `<a href={myPosts[0].url}>First Post!!</a>`
      </Option>
    </MultipleChoice>

2. A link to the URL of your first blog post. 

    <MultipleChoice>
      <Option>
        `myPosts.map((post) => <LastUpdated date={post.frontmatter.pubDate} />)`
      </Option>
      <Option>
        `myPosts[2].frontmatter.title`
      </Option>
      <Option isCorrect>
        `<a href={myPosts[0].url}>First Post!!</a>`
      </Option>
    </MultipleChoice>

> 3. A component that displays the date that every post was last updated.

Reviewer: It isn't _a_ component; it's a bunch of component.

```suggestion
3. A component for each post, displaying the date that it was last updated.
```

---
```

Choose the syntax that represents:

> 1. The title of the third blog post returned.  

Author: ```suggestion
1. The title of the third blog post.  
```

 <MultipleChoice>
    <Option>
      `myPosts.map((post) => <LastUpdated date={post.frontmatter.pubDate} />)`
    </Option>
    <Option isCorrect>
      `myPosts[2].frontmatter.title`
    </Option>
    <Option>
       `<a href={myPosts[0].url}>First Post!!</a>`
    </Option>
</MultipleChoice>

> 2. The text "First Post!!" linking to the URL of the first blog post returned. 

Author: ```suggestion
2. A link to the URL of the first blog post returned. 
```

 <MultipleChoice>
    <Option>
      `myPosts.map((post) => <LastUpdated date={post.frontmatter.pubDate} />)`
    </Option>
    <Option>
      `myPosts[2].frontmatter.title`
    </Option>
    <Option isCorrect>
       `<a href={myPosts[0].url}>First Post!!</a>`
    </Option>
</MultipleChoice>

> 3. Returning a `<LastUpdated />` component for each item in `myPosts`, passing the blog post's `pubDate` as its only prop.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Passing the blog post's `pubDate` as its only prop.
```

Reviewer: We want to be clear that we're referring to a list - I think we should chop off the last part rather than the first:

> A component for each item in `myPosts`
